GTN Header - Adding a Answer Key Histories drop-down menu (#4881)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/single-cell/tutorials/scrna-case_alevin/tutorial.md

questions:
  - I have some single cell FASTQ files I want to analyse. Where do I start?

> histories:
> <div class="dropdown">
>   <button class="btn btn-secondary dropdown-toggle" type="button" data-toggle="dropdown" aria-expanded="false">
>     {% icon galaxy-history %} Answer Key Histories
>   </button>
>   <div class="dropdown-menu">
>     <a class="dropdown-item" href="#">[galaxy.eu](https://humancellatlas.usegalaxy.eu/u/j.jakiela/h/generating-a-single-cell-matrix-using-alevin-3) </a>
>     <a class="dropdown-item" href="#"> [Older Alevin version](https://humancellatlas.usegalaxy.eu/u/wendi.bacon.training/h/cs1pre-processing-with-alevin---answer-key) </a>
>   </div>
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
histories:
  current:
    label: "UseGalaxy.eu"
    history: https://humancellatlas.usegalaxy.eu/u/j.jakiela/h/generating-a-single-cell-matrix-using-alevin-3
  older-alevin:
    label: "Older Alevin version"
    history: https://humancellatlas.usegalaxy.eu/u/wendi.bacon.training/h/cs1pre-processing-with-alevin---answer-key
```

Author: oh score! Actually, that's a good point - I think the histories index could be a separate level
